montreal police and gendarmerie
but a lot of courage
funny American shipyard
frederic lefebvre
those who remain largely deserved
benoît baby injured
that means
it is true that the game
yes it is a job of mourning
- salary
100% paid off
the Jura people refer to the care
the hero of the series m
however, the rise
Paul Sabatier
the surface
the interest is real
the case
there it's done
the results
because the national interest
this case
after that
despite the fact that nobody knew how hard it was
a few centimeters
the young tricolor
basket landes
axa won I am very proud
his only chance to the runner
upon arrival in this direction
she is here to show their support for this initiative
we will quote without appeal
they then fractured the radius
the future coach
it would be really too much spectacle in perspective
fedex and ups the report to the previous season rewarded
it will be this summer
three personalities
The report
gold with other members
by the way entered the second half
sebastian chabal go on we resume on the full resume wins chabada in
a few moments and then the reminder of the teams will be the opportunity to 23
hours this important event summary of this france-england twelve
nineteenth grand slam with lily collins from the pan of history
focused and determined this fifteen of France to the idea of ​​getting into
history in the ninth grand slam the opportunity is too beautiful
the perfect start
on a first attack the blues keep the ball and place françois
trin-duke in drop position
3 0 for France
to maltreat in this tournament-2010 martine johnson letter can save the
face by winning in Paris the English who came with 5th intentions
minute nice series of passes on a step that shifts belfaux from elne to the back
of the tons woman who inscribes the first try of the meeting
the English who play the French and who chained in the minute that follows
it takes little for the teammates of the church to double the
put the death of Poitrenaud who saves the fifteenth of France chaos
the blues that lets the storm through and focuses on what they do best
since the beginning of the tournament destroy the French scrum that gets
penalty on morgan penalty will convert to 3 in the first
France act that leads to 12 to 7 at the break
the fight more and more fierce in the second act in the image of this
friendly exchange between captain
and the English again dangerous on this attack as soon as the return of
locker room small side the max speed to score again
Clement Poitrenaud as Savior of the Fatherland
and half of martyrs too centered the French striker finds some
colors but the most beautiful opportunity is English at the hour of play
hello everything tear the French defense
more than a year before holding them again the players offensive to
the Rose
johnny or team it does not fit on the lawn of saint-denis immediate effect
on the shooting stand with this penalty converted 12 to 10 for the
France less than a quarter of an hour
but England does not catch up after an end of the match at
English
France wins its 9th grand slam in history and ends a series
four defeats in a row against the perfidious albion
here is summary nicolas who talks about that the territories have spoken between us
during the summary
we noticed thomas de the atmosphere and this stage of France
skype for rugby finally becomes wonderfully and you know it's
complicated big bay in saguenay have made the difference between a team of
de france rugby
who wins in kigali and paris cmp a france football team
I have a hard time finding his ideas, he says, team gives no pleasure to arras
His public
that's the difference
we can not say simply that the football public
it is useless to mobilize the public of the
rugby is sublime and great
obviously stated that was this defeat this season tonight but he
must see also the game must see
the success of this french rugby team
and you when you understand here malone
Libya is extraordinary that it is at the French stage two more
other info obviously following the recent
9th day of liga it's over at bola raise they're hot did
draw 0 to 0 the other info and not the evening it happened